MALE NARRATOR:
Previously on Grimm.
Aunt Marie?
The misfortune of our family
is already passing to you.
We have the ability to
see what no one else can.
You are one of the last Grimms.
What did you say you were?
"Blutbad."
Vulgarized by your ancestors
as the "Big Bad Wolf."
You.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
MARIE: When they lose
control they can't hide
and we see them for
what they really are.
NICK: Is she dead? DR. ROSE: No.
He was there.
We'll just have to try again.
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
(BOTH PANTING)
Oh!
Nirvana!
Why weren't we born rich?
'Cause our parents
didn't have any money.
Hmm.
Shall we go on
our yacht. darling?
Which one?
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Slow down. Oh. you wish.
Gilda?
Where do you think you're going?
(GILDA SCREAMING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Catch me if you can.
Oh. I can.
Gilda? Come on.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
What was that? What?
I think I heard a car.
No. you didn't.
Rocky! Stop! Go
look out the window.
What. now? Yeah. Go!
Somebody's here. You're
right. Come on. Let's go.
(CHUCKLING)
Oh! No. no. not the
door. The window.
Come on.
(GILDA LAUGHING)
ROCKY: Shh!
(LAUGHING) ROCKY: Got it.
(GRUNTING)
You okay? Yeah. I'm fine.
(GROANING) Come
on. Let's go. Hurry up!
(EXCLAIMS)
Rocky. what are you doing?
(ROCKY SCREAMING)
(ROCKY GRUNTING)
(LOUD GROWL)
(ROCKY SCREAMING)
(GROWLING)
(GILDA BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CAR ENGINE STARTING)
Come on.
Are you still dizzy?
I'm all right.
Well. your liver
enzymes are elevated.
And we found traces of a
neurotoxin in your blood.
PHTX3. which usually is
associated with a spider bite.
Lucky you didn't get more of it
or it would have
paralyzed your lungs.
Well. if you feel lightheaded
or feverish. come on back.
Right.
HANK: They find
anything wrong with you?
Just a few toxins in the blood.
Just a few toxins? Like
the kind that can kill you?
Well. apparently not.
You gonna be okay?
How do I look?
Like a cop who's
been working all night.
Oh. that's funny. Hank.
That's how you look.
Well. then you look good.
Marie?
She's not stable.
We can't allow
anyone in the ICU yet.
Well. when can I talk to her?
After we're done
running the tests.
We can't risk letting
her slip back into a coma.
I'll call you the minute
we know something.
ID anyone who wants
access to the room.
How is she?
Well. she came out of the coma
but they're still running tests.
So when did the attack happen?
About ten minutes
after I got here.
She came up behind me.
she had a syringe in her hand.
How do you know
she wasn't a nurse?
Well. she stuck a needle
in me and she ran away.
Well. you think you
can identify her?
Yeah. she should be
on the security tapes.
I grabbed them when I got here.
They're on their
way to the precinct.
Let's take a look
at those tapes.
If we got another killer on our
hands. we better get on this.
WOMAN OVER P.A.:
Respiratory therapist to 342.
Respiratory therapist
on call to 342.
When's the last time you
saw your aunt before this?
Not for a couple years. I don't
know what she's been up to.
That's her.
Was she alone?
She's the only one I saw.
It would be difficult to
make an ID from the back.
Is this all you got? Yeah.
Well. let me know if you get
something we can work with.
Dude. what did your aunt
do to piss off so many people?
Work for the government
or something?
I had a DUI out on Highway
Two about an hour ago.
Driver's got some crazy story
about her boyfriend being
attacked. name's Gilda Darner.
What do you think?
Grown up way too fast.
single parent if she has any.
takes way too many chances and looks
for excitement in all the wrong places.
Sounds like me.
Yeah. Look how you turned out.
(CHUCKLES)
Gilda Darner?
This is the house. This
is where it happened.
HANK: Somebody
got here before us.
Stay in the car.
What are you doing here?
I haven't even called it in yet.
What do you got?
Breaking and entering.
Mr. and Mrs. Rabe got back
from Seattle a couple of hours ago.
found their house broken into.
Somebody raided the fridge.
hit the liquor cabinet.
tried on some clothes
and test-drove a couple of beds.
Any sign of violence?
SERGEANT: No.
No blood. No body parts.
Only stains we've come up
with are wine and whoopee.
Who's her missing boy toy?
Says his name's Rocky.
Still trying to figure out
how much of her story is true.
Well. she's copping to the
B and E. so some of it is.
Where are the owners? Upstairs.
Somebody was
sleeping in our bed.
Sleep had nothing to do with
what they were doing in our bed.
HANK: You have an alarm system?
Well. we've been a
little lax in using it lately.
We're pretty remote out here.
I mean we've never
had a problem before.
You should see the living room.
Nothing was stolen?
I don't know yet.
Nothing obvious.
HANK: You have
quite a collection.
Is that a Fijian war club?
Yes. actually it is.
And a New Guinea tribal fork.
This is some valuable stuff.
You know your aboriginal art.
I've never seen
one like that before.
DIANE: It's Germanic. very
rare. from about 900 A.D.
We belong to organizations that
protect native land from development.
There's a lot of rich cultural
heritage disappearing
and we're trying to protect
what's left. both locally and globally.
Honey. I think you're
getting a little irrelevant.
Well. you have to respect
your ancestors. Right. Detective?
I had to respect mine. otherwise
I couldn't sit down for a week.
Anyone else have access to
the house when you were away?
Just our cleaning people.
And our son. Barry.
who's staying with friends.
And our neighbors. the Colberts.
who check on our house from
time to time when we're out of town.
"Fijian war club"?
Second wife was
an anthropologist.
NICK: So there were
two people in that house?
So where's Gilda's boyfriend?
My guess. Rocky's home
right now sleeping it off.
(LOW GROWL)
(GROANING)
(ROCKY SCREAMING)
So you do this for kicks?
Break into homes. party hard?
We were just having fun!
Illegal fun. (SIGHS)
Gilda. you said after you dropped out
of the window you heard Rocky scream.
you started running away from the
house and something chased you?
Yes.
It's my fault.
I shoulda gone back for him but
I just left him there.
I left him there.
Please. Please. you've
gotta do something.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Gilda. do you have any
idea who was chasing you?
A man? A dog?
Some kind of animal?
I... I don't know.
I don't know.
I couldn't really
get a good look at it.
I was so scared I just
wanted to get out of there.
I know that something
terrible has happened to him.
They went to Rocky's
house. Rocky wasn't there.
We talked to his
dad. truck driver.
just got back night before
last. hasn't seen Rocky.
What about his mother?
Died when he was a kid.
Did he have a cell
phone? Used to.
Dad said they had to cut
back on expenses so...
Did he have any idea
where his son might be?
He said if you find his
pick-up. that's where he'll be.
Well. his truck's
already been impounded.
Gilda was driving it last night.
That's all I got.
What if their little
party got out of hand.
Rocky got hurt. maybe
he fell down the stairs?
Maybe Gilda pushed
him. broke his neck.
Gilda got scared.
Dumped his body in a
river or into the woods.
Now she's trying to make
it look like she's innocent.
I don't think she's trying
to cover anything up.
It seems to me she's
pushing us to find him.
I think we have to take another
look at that house they broke into.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
I need to see you.
Now.
She's very weak. but I realize
you may not have much time.
I'll be right outside.
I was afraid I'd lost you.
Not yet.
You're all I have left.
I don't want this to happen.
I know.
But you'll be all right.
I don't feel like I'm
gonna be all right.
I'm still trying to make
sense of everything.
If you hadn't been here. I
would have lost my mind.
And I'm not sure I haven't.
Don't doubt yourself.
I've seen so much.
And you'll see more.
You have a responsibility
that you cannot ignore.
I couldn't ignore
it if I tried it.
You have to hunt
down the bad ones.
Just like your ancestors did.
There's a reason
that you're a cop.
You have an ability
and you must use it.
no matter what happens to me.
I'll go get a doctor. No.
The Reapers followed me here.
That means there could be more.
How many are there?
Nobody knows.
They're a secret organization
dedicated to killing us.
You mean Grimms?
There are more like us?
Yes.
But I don't have
contact with them.
What about the things
that I've been seeing?
How many more
of those are there?
There are more in the
books than I've ever seen.
You must not let the trailer be
found. They don't know it exists.
(GASPING)
I hope I haven't done more
harm than good by coming to you.
(MACHINE BEEPS)
(GASPING)
Let her rest. You
can come back later.
(MACHINES BEEPING RAPIDLY)
(BEEPING STABILIZES)
(VEHICLE DOOR OPENING)
How is she?
Well. she's dying of cancer
and she's had two
attempts made at her life.
Other than that
she's doing all right.
She's one tough lady.
I had no idea.
So you got anything
on the Rabes?
Yeah. Their house
sits on about 200 acres.
backs up onto
the national forest.
Five hundred square
miles of trees behind them.
Lots of places for
Rocky to get lost.
(CAR ENGINE STARTING)
These woods are too
big for the two of us.
Let's get some people out here.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. Look out.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Hey.
Nice riding.
Oh. I hope we didn't scare you.
Oh. no. You guys are
lucky you didn't get thumped.
Look. we knew
what we were doing.
That's a good thing 'cause I
hate cleaning blood off my car.
You guys here for my parents?
Detectives
Burkhardt and Griffin.
You're Barry Rabe.
You live here. right?
You guys ever
seen either of them?
Oh. no. take your time.
Make sure you don't know
them from school or anything.
Look. we've never
seen them before.
Boys. dinner's ready. Wash up.
What are you doing back here?
Did you find out who
broke into our house?
Yeah. I think so.
Frank. you should come out here.
Ma'am. can you
take a look at these?
The girl's already in custody
but we haven't seen the guy yet.
Have you ever seen
either of these guys?
No.
Me either.
Hey. Barry. you didn't happen
to come home last night. did you?
He was staying at Jason and
T.B.'s house while we were gone.
Sorry. Mrs. Rabe. We have to ask.
just in case he saw the boy leave.
No. I didn't get home
until this morning.
after my parents got back.
(GULPING)
No. I... I didn't see him.
How far away do you guys live?
What is this?
Look. we're just trying to figure
out where everybody was last night.
We know they
broke into your house
but no one's seen the
boy since last night.
The girl said she heard a scream
inside the house after she left.
And you believe someone who broke into
our house. drank our wine. ate our food.
and took advantage
of our bedroom?
I think you'd be better off
looking under a few rocks.
I wish you'd remember
that we're the victims here.
Boys. let's go in the house.
If you wanna talk to me you can
call me tomorrow at my law firm.
Man. we really hit a nerve.
Let's run some phone records. pin
down where everyone was last night.
She came out of the coma.
And I've had to
put guards on her.
What do you want me to do?
We can't allow her to
tell him anything more.
We need him with us.
Then how do I get to her?
Well. you don't.
But you get somebody who can.
With guards on her?
Don't worry about that.
Just find the right people.
and I do mean people.
We can't afford
someone getting excited
and blowing the whole thing.
Don't you know this is
a bad neighborhood?
How much is it worth
for you not to get hurt?
Don't worry. I'll
take care of this.
(SNARLS)
(MAN SCREAMING)
(DOOR OPENING)
JULIETTE: Nick?
NICK: Yeah. in here.
(DOOR CLOSING)
I picked up Chinese
from Lotus. and
got Voodoo donuts.
Oh. you're the best.
Don't be such a cop.
The donuts are for dessert.
Are we buying a totem pole?
No. I saw one outside a
house of a case I'm working on.
It's some kind of
clan of the bear.
"The bear is a messenger
to the supernatural world.
"His position of dominance
in the totemic hierarchy
"is the result of a
common ancestral belief
"in the sanctity
of their territory."
Hmm. Is the totem
pole some kind of clue?
I don't know. but you
make it sound kinda sexy.
It's just the word
pole. Mmm-hmm.
I stopped by to see Marie today.
It scared me seeing all
the police in the hospital.
I don't know why anybody
would want to hurt her.
She can't even die in peace.
How you doing with all that?
Well. I'm not doing too good about it.
but. you know. there's nothing I can do.
So I'm putting on my happy face.
I'm not buying that
grin. Put it back.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Okay. Do it.
(GRUNTING)
Ah! That'll work.
(DOOR OPENING)
Aunt Marie? What
are you doing here?
Remember what I told you.
Okay.
There will be more red...
when the sun goes down.
(GRUNTING)
(GASPING)
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. just
a... A bad dream.
I hope. What was it?
My aunt just stabbed
me in the hand.
What did you do to her?
Nope. just a dream.
But I don't even know where
to begin interpreting that one.
I was trying to let you
sleep. A lot of good that did.
Hey. hey. Where're
you going so early?
I'm operating on a bulldog
at 7:00. I'll call you later.
MARIE: You have to
hunt down the bad ones.
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
(SIGHS)
We need to talk.
Not at 6:30 in the
morning we don't.
This is important.
Oh. well. come on in. then. Have a
cup of coffee. Bagel? Cream cheese?
First I wanna thank you for
helping me out with the kidnapping.
A gift basket
would've been nice.
How long is this gonna take?
I'm right in the middle
of my Pilates. man.
You ever seen one of these?
Not up close. thank God.
I think Jagerbars use
these for disemboweling.
Now I'm hungry.
Sure you don't want a bagel?
I'm gonna French
press some coffee. too.
Guatemalan Highlands.
Craft-Roasted. Very robust.
What do you know
about Jagerbars?
What am I. your
personal Grimmopedia?
No. you're a Blutbad.
and I'm assuming that
Blutbad know about Jagerbaden.
It's just Jagerbars.
You see them like
I see them. right?
Yes.
Yeah. I'm just trying to figure
out what I'm up against here.
Okay. right there. Don't
even compare the two.
We don't rummage like they do.
How'd you run across
a Jagerbar anyway?
Look. I'm working on a case
and I saw a kid turn into one.
That where you got the claw?
No. my aunt had it.
Oh. right. her again.
Aunt Marie. right?
Yeah. I couldn't sleep
the last two nights
thinking old Aunt Marie
was gonna cut off my head
and stick it on a lamp post.
That's how my great
grandma ended up. you know.
Hey. she's still
in the hospital.
Oh. Sorry.
They use those
claws in the Roh-Hatz.
Roh-Hatz?
It's like a Bar Mitzvah
for bears. you know.
A Jager Bar Mitzvah.
It's a very physical thing.
A lot of pounding of
chests and like. wailing.
But who wails anymore?
Supposed to connect with
the primitive beast in all of us.
And believe me. I
do mean all of us.
So what do they do?
It's all about the chase.
What chase?
The Roh-Hatz. you know.
Cave man mumbo jumbo.
Let's get some beers and
barbecue and be stupid.
I mean I like to camp
as much as the next guy.
you know. maybe once a year.
You want plain or
onion. I gotta go.
Oh. well. Thanks
for stopping by.
What are you drawing?
Jagerbar.
You saw one?
It was a family. but the
boy's the only one I saw.
How old? Eighteen.
That could be a problem
if they're traditional.
Anyone die?
I don't know. I've
got a missing person.
Do you know what
the Roh-Hatz is?
You're learning. That's good.
It's a rite of passage.
from boy to man.
They do it at sunset.
It isn't pretty.
The red of the sun and
the blood on their hands.
Just got the phone records.
Several calls were made
between 9:00 and midnight.
We triangulated a call made
from Barry Rabe's cell phone
that puts him at his
house at 11:30 that night.
When Gilda was there with Rocky.
Yeah. so Barry's lying and
lawyer dad is running interference.
A lawyer doing a bad thing?
Never heard of that before?
Hey. Nick. can I
talk to you a minute?
Yes. sir.
Listen. I had to pull the guys
guarding your aunt at the hospital.
What?
With no hard evidence
of a second attack
I couldn't justify the
expense to the Chief
without it looking like we're giving
preferential treatment to police families.
I'm sorry but my hands are tied.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Monroe.
Now what?
MONROE: (WHISPERING) A Grimm?
Are you out of your
mind? I can't do this.
Look. I just need your help until
I can figure something else out.
I'm not a cop.
Yeah. You're the only one
who knows what I'm dealing with.
No. I am the only one who is
stupid enough to talk to you.
I'll owe you one.
Dude. you already owe me three.
Three? Yeah.
The little girl who
was kidnapped.
the Jagerbar at
6:30 this morning
in the middle of my Pilates.
and now this!
Okay. I'll owe you three.
What the hell makes you think
I am gonna stay
here and protect her?
Because I trust you.
Oh. man.
Look. I'll be back
as soon as I can.
Maybe you shouldn't trust me.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
What's up? HANK:
Rocky's dad just called.
Gilda made bail.
She went over to his house and
got a gun. Rocky had in his room.
He couldn't stop her.
She said she was gonna get Rocky
back or kill the people that took him.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Where is he?
Oh. my God. Where is he?
Are you the girl that
broke into my house?
You tell me where
he is or I'll shoot!
Please don't hurt me. I. I don't
know what you're talking about.
You know where he...
(SCREAMING)
Are you okay. Mom?
I am now.
And well done. Son.
Hunting two is better than one.
You make your ancestors proud.
(GROANING)
Ah!
Get rid of her truck.
(GROWLING)
Hi.
Barry home?
No. he's out with friends.
Doing what? I don't
know. Riding their bikes.
God. I hope he
doesn't break his neck.
(CAR APPROACHING)
What do you want?
The woman who broke into
your house is on her way here.
She's not happy.
She's got a gun.
What? Is everything okay?
Everything's fine.
No. I don't really think so.
Nick. doesn't look
like she's here yet.
I'm going back down the road.
I'll block it off in
case she shows.
We need to talk. Right now.
I know what you are. You know
who I am. So let's cut the crap.
You want to cut the crap?
Okay. you're a Grimm.
You're a danger to my family.
And don't think wearing a
badge is gonna protect you.
This isn't about me.
I know about the hunt.
What are you talking about?
The Roh-Hatz.
Nobody does that anymore.
Yes. they do.
And when the sun goes down
tonight. it's gonna be too late.
Look. Barry and those
two boys have got Rocky.
And we don't have a lot of time.
Come on. you're a lawyer.
If they kill this innocent
kid over this stupid hunt.
their lives are over.
Where are they? I told you.
Where are they?
Why don't you ask
to see his warrant?
Oh. my God.
I didn't realize.
So what do you wanna do?
You wanna go inside. have
a few drinks. forget about it?
Or do you want to come with me?
Okay.
But we're gonna have
to take my four-wheeler.
You know where they are?
I think I know
where they might be.
Requesting backup
at 1534 Wilder Road.
If we find them. promise me
you're not gonna hurt them.
I won't if I don't have to.
Okay.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
It's Nick. You got anything?
I found the truck.
She's here somewhere.
I'm with Frank Rabe.
I'm going after the boys.
I'll call you if I get anything.
(SOBBING) (GRUNTING)
We're sorry we broke into your
house. We'll never do it again.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTING) Just let her go.
Yeah. we'll let her go.
We're gonna let you go. too.
Don't worry. We'll
give you a head start.
No! Please! No!
Oh. man. You're really scared.
(SOBBING)
This is ridiculous.
You people murdered
my grandfather.
The Grimms burned down his farm.
cut off his head. his
hands and his feet.
Okay. now he deserved it
for some of the things he did.
But if my parents
could see me now.
standing this close to you
and not avenging the family.
last Thanksgiving I'd be
invited to. I can tell you that.
Take your best shot. Blutbad.
We have to take
the trail from here.
How do you know
they'll be there?
I don't.
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(SNARLING)
(SCREAMING)
(GROWLING)
Okay. that went
a little too far.
There's a cave up ahead.
Let me go first and try
and talk them out of it.
No!
I'm either coming with
you or I'm going alone.
We're too late.
(GROWLING)
It's started.
(BOTH PANTING)
Ah! Get up!
(GROWLING)
Get out!
(GRUNTING)
(FIRES)
This isn't gonna get any
better unless you stop.
No! Barry! Son! This is over.
ROCKY: Stay down.
This stops now.
No!
Mom! Don't!
(SCREECHING)
(CONTINUES SCREECHING)
Mom? Mom?
Please. I am so sorry.
You did nothing wrong.
Yeah. he did. Diane. And now
we're all gonna have to pay for it.
You have to respect
your ancestors.
Not like this.
Okay. Let's see.
We got kidnapping and attempted
murder for Barry. Jason. and T.B.
Breaking and entering
for Rocky and Gilda.
Well. at least they
weren't doing drugs.
Detective?
She wanted them to
know their heritage.
She never understood
the danger of it.
It isn't easy to give
up your history.
You haven't had
to give up yours.
Yeah. it's been a lot of fun.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
Look. you told me to
protect her and I did.
But. I think I may have
gone a little overboard.
WOMAN OVER P.A.: Trauma
surgeon to OR one. stat.
Trauma surgeon to OR one. stat.
Look. I can't stick around.
Things are getting a little dicey.
You should get down here.
I'm not sure I got all of them.
(MACHINE BEEPING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
MALE NURSE:
Get security up here!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
(PANTING)
Remember who you are.
Trust your instincts
and nothing else.
(GASPING)
Marie?
Come on.
Goodbye.
Rest well.
Are you all right?
(SNIFFLING)
No.
But I will be.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org